Whois - Lower request attempts number when is_time_sensitive() is True (#38836)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/ReleaseNotes/1_5_25.md

#### Integrations

##### Whois

> - Improved implementation of the ***whois*** and the ***domain*** commands where the number of retries was lowered to 0 when the command is called during an enrichment process.

Author: The change is in whois_raw, which affects both the whois and the domain commands, it also affects the test-module.

> - Improved implementation of the ***whois*** and the ***domain*** commands where the number of retries was lowered to 0 when the command is called during an enrichment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated ***whois*** and the ***domain*** commands to disable retry when called in enrichment process.
```
